c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\ClientChat.exe.config
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\ClientChat.exe
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\ClientChat.pdb
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.dll
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.dll
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.xml
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.xml
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.Login.resources
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.exe
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.pdb
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\handoyo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.Chatting.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\ClientChat.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\ClientChat.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\ClientChat.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\TelerikCommon.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\bin\Debug\Telerik.WinControls.UI.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.Chatting.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.Login.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ClientChat\ClientChat\obj\x86\Debug\ClientChat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
